In the video, a sign appears with the logo of the song's title. The scene then changes a spacecraft traveling past Earth before the camera zooms in inside. Then, the lights came on and reveal Michael and Janet inside a small hole. Suddenly, the spacecraft zooms out through the outer part of the galaxy, sending them screaming. In the first verse, Michael is seen in the room where he is floating on gravity. Then, Michael is shown in a room with thousands of guitars where he breaks one while Janet sings the next verse. Then, it shows Michael dancing on the wall while Janet looks at her nail before playing a game of tag. Then, it shows Michael and Janet in a room where they are using a remote control by changing pictures of Gregory Peck, art painting, statues, etc. Next, it shows both Michael and Janet in the media room where they are playing a video game which Michael wins. Then, Janet sports a skimpy bikini in some scenes while at the core of the craft, grabs at her breasts, gives the camera a middle finger and simulates male urination where Michael is shown taking controls into some kind of Observation. (In the out-takes, there is a still color photograph of Michael also giving the camera a middle finger.) Meanwhile, Michael is seen in a white room while wearing a black robe where he is playing a Chinese person before screaming which breaks the glass above him. Then, Michael and Janet perform a dance breakdown. Then, it cuts back to the media room where Janet is dancing with Michael being seen on the television screen while Janet does the same thing with Michael. Then, Michael is seen playing a tennis game where he is using a robotic orb to break jars. The video has influences of Japanese sci-fi Anime - several clips of the Zillion anime series and the movie Akira can be seen in the background screens.[39] The version of the video included on Michael Jackson's Vision is uncut and contains the "just stop fucking with me" lyric, which was censored in HIStory on Film, Volume I
