The video starts with Levine standing in front of a swimming pool. As he's about to dive in, flashbacks appear: a younger woman swimming in a pool, Levine and the younger woman sharing a kiss, Levine comforting another woman who appears to be in distress, the older woman hiding alone in her car, and the older woman embracing the young man. Levine front-flips into the pool and is submerged underwater, completely unaware of what's to happen to him in falling in love that summer. Flashbacks show the two women walking side by side in the city as someone watches them from his/her car and all three protagonists are face to face, hinting at events that will ensue.

After which, the young man and his girlfriend visit her home and dive into a swimming pool kissing. After they resurface from swimming, the young man looks to his girlfriend as she's being cared for by another woman who is revealed to be the girlfriend's mother. The mother helps her daughter dry from swimming and glances in the young man's direction. As the young couple relax at her parent's social gathering, everyone, except the young man, are oblivious to the reality that not everything is right in the mother's relationship with the much older man.

One night while walking down the stairs, the young man comes to find someone lying unconscious in the room. Recognizing the unconscious to be the mother, he goes to revive her and discovers that she's been abused by someone (judging by the red lipstick smeared across her face and other signs of physical abuse). The mother awakens and inexplicably kisses Levine, who returns her affections. Flashbacks show that the mother was beaten by her husband moments earlier.

After the encounter, the young man appears to become infatuated, parking his car outside a building one day to watch the mother and the daughter shop together, seeing how they're laughing and having a great time. The mother also appears to become infatuated, parking her car outside the young couple's house one night to watch him. After a discussion with his girlfriend, Levine sees the mother watching him from her car and she waves at him. When Levine and his band perform "She Will Be Loved" during a concert at the bar lounge, his girlfriend watches from the crowd. However, Levine sees the mother looking back at him instead of his girlfriend. When the young couple dance together, he fantasizes about being with the mother. Later that night, the mother is found to be in the bar wearing a red dress and makeup. As she watches him, Levine looks at the mother, then looks at his girlfriend smiling at him and ponders about the complicated situation.

At the end of the video, having still gained no romantic attention from her husband and seeing how in love the young couple are, the mother is overcome with emotion and walks away crying. Levine follows after to console her and they embrace, nearly kissing. The video features a twist in the ending as it is revealed the young man is not singing about the mother at all and is actually singing about her daughter. In a flashback, the daughter went walking down the stairs into room occupied by Levine and her mother and caught them in the middle of kissing. The line I tried so hard to say goodbye tells us that he tried to leave his girlfriend for her mother. However, he couldn't end the relationship as he still loves her.
