WE OPEN ON THE EXTERIOR of an apartment building, swooping up as
the musice scalates floor after floor until we reach the rooftop where a lone dude is dancing like crazy, humping the air, just for himself. But right as the music drops as the first "TURN DOWN…"
rings out, he leaps horizontally into the air and comes tumbling towards the concrete rooftop dick first. He humps the ground so violently he smashes through the ceiling and tumbles into the
apartment below. 

And below we discover a terrified woman screaming at the intruder who just keeps dancing like crazy. She throws objects at him but he just humps them and they explode across his
groin. He ain’t gonna turn down for nothing. And she has no choice but to join in. She knocks him to the ground and shakes her ass in his face so violently that she points him through the ground into the next floor of the apartment building. So we go down floor by floor as the party gets bigger and bigger...

One floor Is A famIly eating dinner. Our main guy dances on the big voluptuous mom of the family and she goes flying backwards into the wall leaving her clothes
behind. Wearing nothing but her underwear, she dances to the beat, her breasts bouncing to the beat of the song. She grabs her husband’s face and pulls him to her chest where he motor boats her to the music. Her breasts move in a surreal way to the beat, the rippling aligned with the horn section [as we blast her with a leaf blower]—and everyone goes nuts. They fall through to another floor, then another. Perhaps in one scene the cops show up to break up the party but they too are won over by the dancing and start firing their guns wildly into the air. 

The song has a slow outro and we want to create a hilarious anti-climax to the whole video during the final 45 seconds of the track. The whole party falls through the floor into the Taco Bell restaurant below. Employees and customers are seriously confused. But all the party goers just order tacos [or any other fast food].The characters all sit around and eat
gross food to the beat of the song. The whole narrative has suddenly devolved
into a commercial!? What the fuck?

THE END
