In the music video, a young boy is being verbally abused by a man who is presumably his father. Looking out of his apartment window, he sees an unusually dressed man and his dog standing on the pavement outside. The boy then puts his fingers in his ears and begins singing 'La la la' in response to his father's outburst. Running out of the apartment, the boy joins the mysterious figure outside and pets his dog. Seeing the boy outside, the father picks up an egg from a birds nest on the window-sill and throws it down at the boy.

The boy and dog run away and the scene cuts from evening to daytime. The boy is walking the dog along a city street, and he goes into a store front and downstairs. In the basement of the building, he finds a gymnasium and a scared looking man who is covered in dust. The man holds a stereo which is providing music for a group of women doing aerobics with one woman who is obviously a leader and abuses both the man and the others since their mascara is running down their cheeks from crying. The boy encourages the man to leave, but he appears reluctant. The boy then mimes the act of putting his fingers in his ears and singing 'La la la', and the man responds by turning off the volume on the stereo. One of the women begins yelling at the man, and he puts his fingers in his ears and sings 'La la la' in response to her tirade. The dusty man, boy and dog leave the gymnasium and are followed by the woman who yells after them as they leave.

The pair then come across a vendor on the street. The boy gives him some coins, and he takes out what appears to be a human heart from a collection in his cart. He holds the heart in the air, the boy looks at him and then slips it inside the jacket pocket of the dusty man. The boy then looks onto the road and sees a traffic policeman dressed in an unusually coloured police uniform, made of knitted fabric matching the man's face which is also made of knitted fabric in place of skin. His exaggeratedly-sized nose and ears are also made of knitted fabric. The traffic policeman is dancing as he directs traffic. The boy mimes the ear plugging and singing to the traffic policeman, and he then performs the gestures himself. The three of them leave together, and the scene cuts to their journey into a mountainous region outside of the city. They walk along disused railway tracks and pass a discarded, unplugged television that still shows images on the screen. Their journey then takes them across long, flat plains of salt flats, with the traffic policeman carrying the sleeping boy and the dusty man walking the dog.

The scene cuts to nightfall where they have set up a camp fire. The boy sleeps in the arms of the traffic policeman while the dusty man holds and pats the dog. The scene cuts to the next day, where they walk up a hillside towards a disused mine. Leaving the dog tied up at the entrance, they venture inside the mine. They discover El Tio sitting immobile at the end of a tunnel. At the sight of the figure, the boy begins crying and is hugged and comforted by both men. The men then leave, and the boy remains kneeling before the figure and singing 'La la la' with his fingers in his ears. The video ends with the two men and the dog having left the mine and they are shown walking away.
